[docs][autoscaler] Autoscaler docs and default config improvement (#652)
apache/flink-kubernetes-operator: docs/content/docs/custom-resource/autoscaler.md

The autoscaler approach is based on [Three steps is all you need: fast, accurate, automatic scaling decisions for distributed streaming dataflows](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/osdi18-kalavri.pdf) by Kalavri et al.

## Executing rescaling operations

By default the autoscaler uses the built in job upgrade mechanism from the operator to perform the rescaling as detailed in [Job Management and Stateful upgrades]({{< ref "docs/custom-resource/job-management" >}}).

### Flink 1.18 and in-place scaling support

The upcoming Flink 1.18 release brings very significant improvements to the speed of scaling operations through the new resource requirements rest endpoint.
This allows the autoscaler to scale vertices in-place without performing a full job upgrade cycle.

To try this experimental feature, please use the currently available Flink 1.18 snapshot base image to build you application docker image.
Furthermore make sure you set Flink version to `v1_18` in your FlinkDeployment yaml and enable the adaptive scheduler which is required for this feature.

```
jobmanager.scheduler: adaptive
```

## Job Requirements and Limitations

### Requirements

> The autoscaler currently only works with the latest [Flink 1.17](https://hub.docker.com/_/flink) or after backporting the following fixes to your 1.15/1.16 Flink image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autoscaler currently only works with [Flink 1.17](https://hub.docker.com/_/flink) and later flink images, or after backporting the following fixes to your 1.15/1.16 Flink images:
```

How about updating the `latest Flink 1.17` to `Flink 1.17 and later flink images`? The latest Flink 1.17 is not clear, it means the latest 1.17.1 is supported, but 1.17.0 is not supported. The fact is that 1.17 and all versions after that support it.

Author: makes sense :)
